Add prefix option to change output sitemap filenames (#6879)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/integrations-guide/sitemap.mdx

...
```

### prefix

> By default `sitemap-index.xml` and `sitemap-*.xml` are created in the output directory. By setting `prefix`, You can change the filename.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, files named `sitemap-index.xml` and `sitemap-*.xml` are created in the output directory when you run `astro build`. You can change these filenames by adding a value for `prefix` in your `sitemap()` configuration.
```

Author: Thank you for your review! I updated!
